Bolster automated accessibillity testing (#862)
GSA-TTS/FAC: docs/testing.md

Accessibility tests are executed as part of our CI/CD pipeline on each PR to the `main` branch, commit to the `main` branch, and PR into the `prod` branch.

> To run Lighthouse or pa11y locally, just run:

Reviewer: I don't think this runs in the docker container because the config file is above the /backend directory. For now, I think that shouldn't block the pr.  You can accept this if that's right, if could you help me trouble shoot locally?
```suggestion
To run Lighthouse or pa11y locally, install the dependencies on your machine and outside the docker container, run the following commands.
```
